---
title: Week 1 starting out
layout: post
author: sujan.ahilan
permalink: /week-1/
source-id: 1FL7P9Qlig_mLzXlGpThJg3V-4vYh_aI9RVpVZvln1u8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting out  </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Being taught how to build a computer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to change the colour of the font</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
</td>
    <td> I did reach my target because we were able  to change the colour of the font and the screen as well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way I learnt</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way in which we learnt was that we used the manual to  guide to help us to do the task this was because we had never used that computer before. We also used a few other strategies like taking guesses on which icon  to click and which key was the most sensible for changing the colour of the letters.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I have to be  slightly more independent and stop asking the teacher or the neighbour pair. This is because I think that if I learn something on my own it will stay in my head for much longer whereas if the answer was spoonfed to me it would only stay in my short term memory. I need to work on trying to set up my computer quickly so that I will be able to work quickly  and save as much time as  possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will initially try be more independant. I will try to find the answer before asking a different pair what. This will improve my learning because the answer won't be  spoon fed to me and so will be in my long term memory. Finally, I will focus more in lessons which will also enable me to learn  more</td>
  </tr>
</table>


