---
title: week 4 Finishing the book
layout: post
author: sujan.ahilan
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 1LV6dycBv0p6OEcyGbzAP2ReOvfngDE_QnXf5bmSLiD0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Finishing the book</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/11/2016</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To understand the robot code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To write one of the codes for the robot arm</td>
  </tr>  
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way in which  we learnt was to try and do the code ourselves and then only look at manual afterwards. Although this took a lot more time, we were able to understand why and how the code was being used more effectively. Furthermore,  it was easier to understand our mistakes and correct them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The habit that limited my learning this week was not being able to write the code properly first time around. Too many times my partner and I had to correct the code. This limited my learning because it meant that we used too much time on one task and less on the other. Next time I think that we shouldn't spend too much time on the same task because then we don’t spend as much time on the others.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, the thing that I am going to do to improve my learning is to try and include every little detail in the scripts so that we waste  less time correcting the scripts and by doing this we will be able to waste less time. Another thing that I will try to do is to spend about the same amount of time on each of the tasks that we plan so that we don’t miss out on one of the tasks that we want to do. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


